# SE_Lab_202001262

**Q1.**

**Functional Requirements**

+ User login - Only system members should be able to check out books or return them if they have already been checked out. When a librarian approves a user's request to borrow a book, the user can then take possession of the book.

+ According to the needs, a system should enable users to search for books in the library using criteria like the title, author, publication date, etc.

+ A system should be able to show all the needed information about the book like review, date of publication, autor etc.

+ When a user wishes to issue the book, the system should prompt them for their login and password. The system determines if the entered information is correct, such as whether the password is entered correctly or whether the entered username is valid.

+ The system would display the book's position in the library after it had been borrowed.

+ The system shouldn't allow the user to borrow the book if it has already been checked out by another user and should instead inform them that the book has already been checked out by others.

+ If a user requests a list of the books they have presently borrowed, books they have previously borrowed, the date they were borrowed and returned, and other information, the system should provide so for that user.

+ When a new book is purchased, a system should enable the librarian to add a new record to the database or remove a record in the event that a book is taken from the shelf.

+ When a book is returned, the system should compute the fee for the overdue books and notify the user and librarian.

+ Ethernet LAN servers are required to limit server accessibility to the campus.

+ The application should be made using HTML 5.

**Non functional requirements**

+ The system should ensure that the user may easily access pertinent information. Everyone should be able to understand the user interface (UI). If the choice of many languages is offered, it may be much simpler.

+ The system should be designed to make updating data as simple as feasible. Even if changes are made, the present system should continue to function properly. The system should function effectively in the event that additional features are necessary to be added.

+ For system entry, the system would ask a user for a username and password. Additionally, it must confirm that it functions on the LAN of the university.

+ During the hours when the library is open, the system should be accessible. Nothing in the system should go wrong at this specific moment.

+ When a larger number of people access the system, the system shouldn't fail and should function consistently.

+ The system must guarantee that the information maintained regarding the books and the penalty calculations is accurate and consistent.


**Q2.**

**Scope**

+ It is a mobile application that assists those with hearing loss by informing them of the sounds around them.

+ By employing AI to recognise noises, such as automobile horns, dog barks, etc., it aids in making individuals more aware of their surroundings.

+ A little child or even an old person may grasp this application's user interface because of its simplicity.

**Functional Requirements**

+ The app should be able to distinguish between distinct sound events and should be exact and accurate in its recognition of such events.

+ The app should have the ability to instantly identify sound occurrences and warn the user via several channels, such as visual notifications, vibration, etc.
 
+ The app should be able to give the user information and insights about sound occurrences.

+ The app's user interface (UI) should be simple to use and should inform users of the probable location and vicinity of sound occurrences.

**Non Functional Requirements**

+ By executing the AI algorithms on the cloud with extremely low latency, the app should be able to process the sound events in real-time.

+ To decrease the prediction time and hence the latency, the AI algorithm should be fine-tuned for low-parameter models after being trained on a large dataset of sound occurrences.

+ The app should also provide users the ability to submit information regarding sound events so that the app can learn from their data and offer more useful insights.

+ The user interface (UI) of the app should be highly user-friendly so that the user can use it without difficulty and can learn more about the sound events.

+ Data about users should be encrypted and saved in the cloud while maintaining data security.


